save gas I am at the age or I 'm so ho
doubts I will show how to play with the
console of these gaming centers
accomplices
then first of all I make a premise
of the game and pc nintendo games
compatible with the xbox controller
because it is not yet a theme download
program us that will serve as emulator
to make our controller of
playstation 3 an xbox controller
so first let's go on the internet
and click on the link in the description
dates back to this page
then download 32 bits and 64 bits all in one
cycle in version 0.7 or the one that
day once downloaded sales
this card is this file
besides that it extracts apple customers and vi
you will find this file with the icon
of the boys controller click on and
must this page here vote yes
next next next and of nest evolated
well now you have it installed
one thing we see only hydrate management
let's do yes then let's see some
no
then see the moment is all fire
of the smom do then we put the
control of the playstation 3
we propose to the computer with the usb cable
which we find to recharge well now
as you can see there is this sport 03 art
think here the cap of the load driver
here is the driver installed and
Now the case vol install you now
you can safely use yours
controller we go fast fourteenth
dualshock 3
the xbox 360 controller tower could
slice now we will do a practical test in
which I will play with the control of
playstation 3 a skyrim